1
A similar technique, LightLDA, employs cycle-based Metropolis Hastings mixing
employs
( similar technique LightLDA ; cycle-based Metropolis Hastings mixing ), ( LightLDA ; cycle-based Metropolis Hastings mixing)
2
As PAS analysis widely employs global and sentence-wide features, it is computationally expensive to integrate
employs
( PAS analysis; global and sentence-wide features )
3
In contrast to BlinkDB, SciBORQ does not support error constraints, and does not provides guarantees on the error margins for results.
provides
( subj: SciBoRQ; obj: gaurantees on the error margins)
4
Crowdsourcing provides a new problem-solving paradigm[3], [21], which has been blended into several research communities, including database and data mining.
provides
(subj: Crowdsourcing ; obj: a new problem-solving paradigm [ 3 )
5
Section 5 provides a detailed comparison with our algorithm.
provides
( subj: Section5; obj:detailed comparison)
6
However, our approach provides more advantages over a linear result set that are not highlighted in these evaluations.
provides
(subj:our approach; obj: more advantages over linear result)
7.
LSD is an extensible framework, which employs several schema-based matchers.
employs
( LSD ; several schema-based matchers )
8.
Recent work has showed that structured retrieval improves answer ranking for factoid questions: Bilotti et al (2 question and the expected answer types improves answer ranking).
improves
(structured retrieval answer ranking)
9.
HMM-smoothing improves on the most closely related work, the Structural Correspondence Learning technique.
improves
(HMM-smoothing; Structural Correspondence Leaerning techniques)
10.
The bidirectional model improves both precision and recall relative to all heuristic combination technique, inc.
improves
(bidirectional model, precision and recall relative)
11.
(Son et al, 2012) improves translation quality of n-gram translation model by using a bilingual neural language.
improves
(Son et al 2012, translation quality of n-gram translation model)
12.
Calvin [21] is a distributed main-memory database system that uses a deterministic execution strategy.
uses
( distributed main-memory database system ; deterministic execution strategy ).
13.
Doing so enables SECOA to securely answer not only all aggregates in [11] without any false positives or false negatives, but also many other aggregates (such as Max, Top- k , Frequent Items, Popular Items) that proof sketches cannot deal with at all.
enables
( Doing so ; SECOA).
14.
Modeling the positions of moving objects as functions of time not only enables us to make tentative future predictions.
enables
( Modeling the positions of moving objects as functions of time ; us )
15.
SemTag uses the TAP knowledge base5, and employs the cosine similarity with TF-IDF weighting scheme to compute the match degree between a mention and an entity, achieving an accuracy of around 82%’. 
employs
obj: ‘SemTag’ sub: ‘cosine similarity’ prep: ‘with TF-IDF weighting scheme, achieving an accuracy of around 82%’
16.
We stress that out method improves a supervised baseline.
improves
(our method, baseline)
17.
Experiments with an arc-standard parser showed that our method effectively improves parsing performance and we achieved the best accuracy for single-model transition-based parser.
achieved
(we; best accuracy for single model transition-based parser)
18.
(2007) revealed that adding non-minimal rules improves translation quality in this setting.
adding
(translation quality; rules)
19.
(CBS Detroit, 2011-02-11) improves substantially over prior approaches.
improves
relation: